README.md, before:

## Java-Gaming-Business-Card-Creator

# WorkingTitle

Meet people who are into gaming? But you keep forgetting about their user-names on steam or whatever? This is a thing of the past with the new Gaming-Business-Card-Creator!

- Create a Gamer ID Card with information about your platform, games and user-name
- Project starts with an editor where you can chosse from images as your player avatar or id-card background
- Type in your User-Name for the platform, for example xX-Hacker-Xx in the PlayStaion input field, and generate an awesome Gamer ID with Playstaion logo, so all your friends know, where and how to find you.
- Implement Twitch and Youtube Accounts if you´re a _fancy_ streamer

---

## Further developement

## Milestones

- [x] Create base layout with SASS and HTML
- [x] Add Design to Html and Css
- [x] Add Platform Logo and InpuBox
- [x] Add Final Design Palette
- [x] Form without JavaScript
- [x] Implement Image as Background for ID-Card
- [ ] Adding more images to chose from
- [ ] Add JavaScript Options to put text on image
- [ ] Add Logo to input text depending on which platform-input-box you enter your User-Name
- [ ] Add option for squared or rounded images
- [ ] Add Achievements-Score

Commit message:

add js modules split data

README.md, after:

## Java-Gaming-Business-Card-Creator

# WorkingTitle

Meet people who are into gaming? But you keep forgetting about their user-names on steam or whatever? This is a thing of the past with the new Gaming-Business-Card-Creator!

- Create a Gamer ID Card with information about your platform, games and user-name
- Project starts with an editor where you can chosse from images as your player avatar or id-card background
- Type in your User-Name for the platform, for example xX-Hacker-Xx in the PlayStaion input field, and generate an awesome Gamer ID with Playstaion logo, so all your friends know, where and how to find you.
- Implement Twitch and Youtube Accounts if you´re a _fancy_ streamer

---

## Further developement

## Milestones

- [x] Create base layout with SASS and HTML
- [x] Add Design to Html and Css
- [x] Add Platform Logo and InpuBox
- [x] Add Final Design Palette
- [x] Form without JavaScript
- [x] Implement Image as Background for ID-Card
- [x] Adding more images to chose from
- [x] Add JavaScript Options to put text on image
- [x] Add modules and split javascript data
- [ ] Add Logo to input text depending on which platform-input-box you enter your User-Name
- [ ] Add option for squared or rounded images
- [ ] Add Achievements-Score
